{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18920\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Episode 4: (Mid 3 YW)
\b0 \
\
The rest of the heroes, arrive at a considerable distance away from the Harbor port. They find the place to be sparsely guarded, and Ariana decides to use her elemental powers to ravage the entire place. After killing every guard, Ariana calls back her minions and the heroes hide in a ship. The Chaos army, having lost against the forces of New Genesis yet again, return and are surprise to see that their port is in ruins. They leave a fraction of the army to guard the place, while the rest sail away towards their homeland, granting the infiltrators a means to reach the Chaos capital.\
\
Two days afterwards, the ships arrive at the shores of enemy country. Ariana advises the group to wait until the majority of the army had gone. A day afterwards, the army leaves towards the capital, leaving the harbor sparsely guarded. Ariana decides to destroy this one as well, but Fairuz stops her, as they would be cutting their only chance to escape. Ashhab hatches a plot and has Ariana send out a stormbird to the southern elves with his message. The rest of the heroes stealthily leave the harbor. \
\
They go southwards and arrive at a forest infested with abominations, nightmares (faced earlier, when summoned by Mahir) and some Chaos soldiers. They find Mahir there, fighting the Legions. Mahir asks them their business, but is angered by Fairuz instead. The group manages to escape the forest and head towards the capital. They also encounter Maruful, now, a monstrosity with no sense of will or emotion.\
\
They reach towards the capital, and Ariana starts a massacre with her elementals, giving a window of opportunity to enter Shirzo's temple. Shifty stays behind with the majority of elementals, while the rest enter to fight the Lich Emperor.\
\
They enter the main chamber, and encounter Nadia - the Storm Queen. A battle follows, the queen is slain, but Ariana is rendered unconscious. Shirzo, arrives and then transforms into his final form - a giant with menacing tentacles. As Fariuz and rest prepare for their last stand, Shirzo starts to react weird and starts to hurt himself until he is destroyed and a blackish-red gem remains on the ground where he once stood. Fairuz and the rest are confused, but Azura arrives from the portal and tells them she will take this gem away to a place where nobody would never find it - ever again. She then re-enters the portal. (I think Azura sends the Soul to the core of a lifeless planet which is too far away for even Uria to reach)  As the heroes are over whelmed, they retreat.\
\
The city guards were gaining the upper hand by this time. Fairuz makes the ultimate decision - Shifty will take Ariana and Ashhab and leave while Fariuz and rest cover their escape. Shifty is unwilling to leave Fairuz, but Fairuz says that it's the only way and kisses Shifty before she leaves. When Ariana regains consciousness, she is furious at Shifty for taking her away, but forgives her afterwards. The heroes then arrive at the harbor port to board a ship while the Merfolk distract the Chaos Legions from the water.\
\
Ariana and the rest return to New Genesis to discover that it is besieged by drakes - again. Jahin and Jalin have repelled wave after wave of drake and now were exhausted with little soldiers remaining. Ariana and the rest reach the Keep. and Jahin orders the outer gates of the city - ones recently built around the mountain to be shut. The drake army leaves, defeated yet again.\
\
Jahin is depressed to know the fates of his friends - Affan, Fairuz and  Maruful and swears to make the Chaos Empire pay dearly for what they did (could this be the setting for a dark future?). Jahin decides to mount an all-out offensive against the Chaos Legions, but is stopped by Jalin as he doesn't have much of an army to fight - most soldiers were lost to the countless drake attacks. Ashhab makes a suggestion that is at first met with utter refusal by Jahin but later accepted - using necromancy! Ashhab begins to practice the dark arts and trains mages in fire magic. Ariana also helps out, training some mages in light magic (Don't count on it - I am not letting you recruit Mages or Adepts of Light) and providing artificial light to grow crops.\
\
(Early Autumn)\
\
A month passes by, and Ashhab decides to use his newly acquired powers to the test. \
\

\b Bonus:- Ashhab goes into the nearby woods and encounters Saurian ambushers who were planning to secretly attack New Genesis. Ashhab must use his newly found powers to kill everyone of them.
\b0 \
\
Ashhab tells Jahin that he is ready to use his powers and convinces him to give the call of attack. As the Chaos Legions were busy fighting the drakes, Jahin sees it advantageous to mount a surprise attack and so, sends messengers to the elves and southern elves to mobilize once more. The allies arrive after ten days and together the combined forces of the alliance of Light marches to the northern harbor. Jalin stays behind to protect New Genesis.\
\
The Northern harbor defenses (even though containing the majority of Chaos Reinforcements) is no match for the dwarven warriors as the terrain is mountainous. The Harbor is decimated. Realizing that the defenses of the Chaos Legions would be vulnerable, Jahin asks Shifty to return to New Genesis with most of his army and the dwarves to defend it. Jahin accompanies Ariana and Ashhab as they venture forth enemy lands. The allies are navigated to the enemy lands by the Merfolk and Carapaces. The harbor port at that place falls without giving a decent fight as Ashhab uses his minions to launch a surprise attack. Jahin decides to march towards the capital as it is defenseless.\
\
Jahin is shocked to find the corpses of his friends fixed on spearheads on a nearby hill of the capital. Enraged, he orders the city to be burned to the ground. Galec convinces Jahin to spare the civilians, who flee towards the Empire's last city. Jahin fights his way to the temple with his dwarven veterans and finally manages to close the portal to the Inferno - keeping his promise to Azura. Jahin also finds a map in Shirzo's study room, leading to a lair of a so-called Dark Wizard.\
\
Jahin sends forth gryphon riders to scout and when they return with the news that the Chaos Empire was losing badly, he decides to let the drakes finish them off, as his army was exhausted. The southern elves finally reclaim their homelands from the Imperials. Jahin and the rest return to New Genesis, while Galec returns to his forest home.\
\
When Jahin returns home, he is greeted by a person whom he is shocked to see - Faria. Faria runs towards and embraces Jahin, causing a feeling of jealousy in Ariana. Faria then tells them all of her time - about the time she was actually teleported and not destroyed, her time in the dark cell, and her escapes. A celebration is held in New Genesis in that very night. Faria approaches Jahin, Jalin and Ashhab - who were, of course, heavily drunk. She apologizes and then casts a spell that turns the three heroes into Undead. Faria tells Jahin that she did not love him at all - breaking his heart (reminds me of a personal trauma) - she then screams and when guards arrive, she yells out undead have murdered Jahin and the rest. This causes Jahin and the rest to flee by jumping into the river. Ariana suspects that there is 
\b more than meets the eye
\b0  (Transformers quote - Optimus Prime)\
\
Jahin and the rest resurface some distance away from the city. Jahin is simultaneously depressed and furious and he takes out Faria's journal which he had read through half-way, and uses it to light the fire. Ariana arrives and explains to them what they have to do. Jahin and the rest infiltrate New Genesis, while Ariana and Lich Ashhab distracts the army. The three accompanied by only a few undead and elementals fight Faria and they are able to defeat her. As she is about to be dealt the killing blow, Mor-Inal arrives and takes her away, but grants Jahin back his humanity.\
\
A month later as winter approaches Jahin deduces that map leading to the lair of a dark wizard is actually Morin's home. So, he orders the allies to assemble their armies again. \
With the help of the Merfolk, they arrive at the island on the map, which was near to the western shore of Arkenova. The elves and Ashhab stay behind to keep Mahir and his army busy, whilst Jahin, Ariana, humans and dwarves make their way towards the lair of the Dark Elementalist. \
\

\b Bonus:- Suggest me some ideas for this bonus level. 
\b0 \
\
They manage to fight to the Mage's study and battle ensues, with Jahin and the rest being victorious. Morin and his two disciples, Faria and Mahir, flee. They destroy a sort of magical structure which allowed Morin to teleport to various locations of the isle, ending all possibilities of elemental attacks on New Genesis. They also destroy another structure  - dark tower, that caused the gloom over New Genesis.\
\
(Spring again - Mid 4 YW)\
\
New Genesis, remains in peace for the rest of the Winter, and when spring arrives, the entirety of the drakes arrive led by the Red Dragon again. Jahin orders the defenses of New Genesis to be at maximum, and Jahin has Ashhab enchant his sword and Jalin's with cold damage. They fight their way to the Red Dragon, and injured him severely, the dragon flees and the drakes flee as their losses were tremendous. Jahin taunts the drakes with coward-ness, knowing that they would be back after this harsh a battle.  \
\
New Genesis remains in peace for the rest of the year and during this time - a series of lows and heights follow. Kraag and Kojac are killed when a new orcish chief emerges and tries to take back what the orcs had loss. The new warlord succeeds and cuts off all contact of the Alliance with orcish lands. King Tuug decides to let the orcs have their way, blocks of all entrances to the troll kingdom save for one which leads to New Genesis as Trolls are part of the Alliance of Light. An embassy for the Alliance is built in New Genesis and emissaries of all the allies are send there. \
\
(late16 YW)\
\
Ruling New Genesis for over 10 years, Jahin leaves Jalin, Ashhab and Shifty in command of New Genesis and sets out to visit Lord Warren in the Farthest North (North Pole of Irdya) with Ariana and Balto as his companions. Little does he know that his small adventure would turn into a worldwide quest against the Dark Elementalist. So, the legend begins...}