{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21240\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Episode 3 (Mid 2 YW)
\b0 \
\
After burying Sadia, a brief council is held and Jahin is given the Book of Ancients. The heroes then begin the journey homewards. They arrive at New Genesis and fight off the remaining Chaos guards. The population has survived by hiding in the city's underground caverns.\
Jahin and Fairuz arrive at the northern most legion city and help Kojac and Gashinar destroy it. The allies then hold a council and it is decided that Jahin and Fairuz will infiltrate try to infiltrate the capital city while the orcs and drakes distract the legions. At the battle, Jahin spots an opening in the mountains leading directly into the Legion Capital and enters it there. Jahin clears the tunnel and then Fairuz disguises himself and emerges into the Emperor's Castle. Fairuz fails to assassinate the Emperor, but manages to escape by befriending Shifti, the daughter of the Emperor. They then rendezvous with Kojac and Gashinar. They are interrupted by a mage, Mullyra who is requesting aid for her sister to fight against her usurper. Jahin and Kojac accepts her offer, while Gashinar returns to his lands. (4 playable + 1 dialogue scenarios)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 They fight off the vanguard of the usurper's army. Kojac decides to take the main route whilst Jahin takes one of the side passages (Diverging campaign path). On either route, Jahin rescues a mage, Maisha on his journey. They meet the princess at the northern city and help her fight off the main army. They then marched towards the usurper's palace and then dethrone her, with the help of Kojac. The princess awards Jahin with a resurrection stone. Jahin and the rest then return, but face an unknown elementalist on their way. On his return to New Genesis, Jahin finds that the dwarves are here, and as refugees. Jahin offers then to stay inside the underground caverns. (Early-Autumn). A few days, afterwards, the city is attacked by elementalists led by Mahir and Jalin. As Mahir is fully corrupted by Morin, Jahin uses the resurrection to revive Jalin and they defeat Mahir, who flees. A week afterwards, all the ally leaders arrive at New Genesis and the Alliance of Light is found. The long-awaited attack on the vampires is initialized. (7 scenarios + 1 dialogue)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Jahin's army, the dwarves and the orcish army led by a loyal general of Kojac attack the vampire twin cities, which is won with the help of the slaves who have joined Jahin. Affan and a few soldiers are sent back with the civilians. Scouts are sent to scour the land and they return with the news that the capital is no an island east of their current location. Lacking navigational skills. Jahin moves the army Northwards. The battle at the northern fort (Jahin settles a vendetta - the vampire fortress commander killed his mother) is won, and the allies decide to attack the southern most vampire city - cutting the vampires of from the mainland. This involves marching through a marshland. Sedoc's army is left to guard the ruins of the twin cities from vampire ships, while the rest of alliance marches southeast. While traveling through the swamp they are attacked again by Mahir and his elemental-undead army. The allies repel the army, Mahir escapes yet again. The drakes and saurians have suffered heavy casualties and head back to their respective homes. The human, orcish and dwarven armies attack the southernmost city. The city is filled with vampires and the allies were gradually losing. The tides are turned as Galec, Amorith and General (Elvish name) - a southern elf commander arrive with their armies. The city falls and ends with the death of Princess Solita - youngest of the High Methusalem's children. Jahin frees the slaves and Kojac orders the city to be burnt down. Victorious, the return to the ruins of the twin cities and held council. Kraag is sent to New Genesis, Gartok, and Cytos, to report the progress of the Alliance. Sedoc offers his men as sailors. So, the allies board the ships and set sail towards the vampire capital. After a day, they arrive at the capital's harbor and immediately conquer it, catching the vampires by surprise. An epic battle ensues, neither side giving way. Jahin manages to interrogate a vampire captain and finds out the vampire High Methusalem is underneath the city. He notices a trapdoor, and enters it, followed by Fairuz, Jalin, Ashhab, Ariana, Balto, and a few human troops. Shifty stays above to command the human army. While exploring, the underground catacombs, Jahin, Balto and Ariana get separated from the rest by accidentally pressing a hidden button. Failing to blast away the barrier, Ariana suggests that they exploring further. During their exploration they find two pendants, that could protect them for any ancient magic spells (especially the ones used by Mor-Inal and Shirzo). Although these pendants do not grant protection from fireballs, ice balls, or cold tempests, or shadow tempests. Ariana tells Jahin about her immortality. Jahin returns with the same answer, surprising Ariana. Jahin also accidentally blunders something and makes Ariana suspect that Jahin likes her. Jahin also finds another Immortality potion. He finds an empty bowl, and gives Balto, a third of the potion to drink, as he was feeling thirsty. Jahin decides to save the rest for his friends. Exploring further, they enter the throne-room and find that the fighting has already began. Jahin, Ariana, and Balto join in.The High Methusalem transforms into his ultimate form and the real battle begins. The vampire king manages to strike Jahin with his tail. Jahin is flung across the room and hits the wall, shattering the vial containing the potion. Jahin recovers, but is helpless to watch the magical liquid get absorbed by the cave floor. In the end, the vampire king is vanquished by Ashhab, who manages to summon a light-beam equal to the intensity of Sela (Irdya's sun). The heroes resurface and find that the battle still going on. Jahin asks as the vampires to surrender as the king is dead. Hearing this, most vampire lords board ships in the eastern harbor and sail away eastwards. Princess Silvana - eldest offspring of the High Methusalem. surrenders and vows that as long as she reigned, no vampire would leave this island ever again. Jahin is hesitant, but later allows Silvana to live and forgives the vampires for the destruction. Fairuz, confused, asks Jahin why he let the vampires live. Jahin replies that it is better to forgive and forget, implying that he had become a wiser leader after Shifti's teachings. (7 scenarios + 2 dialogue)\
\
\
\
\
\
(Late Autumn)\
\
Victorious, the allies return to New Genesis. Arriving home. they are met with grave news. There is a vast rebellion of drakes in the North, as an ancient dragon known only as the Red Dragon, had arrived with his dragon followers and had subjected the majority of the Drakes and Saurians. Gashinar and Cleezi are desperately fighting the new enemy. The orcs, trolls and Chaos Legions are fighting near the orcish border and Kojac is finding difficulty managing troops between the north and south. A Gryphon messenger arrives with the information that the Chaos Empire was bringing their entire hoard towards New Genesis, and would arrive no later than five days. Jahin, realizing that there is nothing he could do to help Kraag, Krog and Gashinar, sends messengers to the Aragwaithi, and the Elves for aid.\
\
Aforementioned, the Chaos Army arrives under the command of Lord Devan, the high demon lord. The battle starts soon afterwards, and are slowly joined by the elves and later the Aragwaithi. After five days of endless slaughter, Devan challenges Jahin to a duel. Each fighter would select six combatants and fight to the death. Galec, Fairuz, and Sedoc, volunteer and Jahin picks the remaining 3. The duel takes place outside New Genesis, on the plains where Jahin had once worked as a farmhand before he took the path of a warrior.\
\
A terrible duel follows. But, in the end only Lord Devan is the only one left of the opposition. Lord Devan decides to use Magic to kill Jahin, but he prevented by Sedoc, who stabs him from behind, and Galec, who takes the magic blast. The demon lord, in a final strike, unleashes a sort of inferno that engulfs Sedoc and himself and  ends with the sight of the two being vaporized. Galec dies shortly afterwards. The Elves and Aragwaithi return to their respective homes. As per the conditions of the duel, the Chaos Army retreats.\
\
A month passes by in New Genesis, and the city is relatively at peace save for the occasional drake or Chaos attackers who leave disheartened at the combined forces of the humans and dwarves. During this time, Jahin who had nothing much to do except lead his men in the defense, is taught how to read and write by Ashhab and Shifti. During this time the relationship between Jahin and Ariana also progresses slightly.\
\
(Mid Winter)\
\
Winter arrives as well as two messengers - one a drake and the other a goblin rider. The drake is an emissary of the Red Dragon and demands the surrender of New Genesis. Jahin asks for the terms of surrender, but rejects when he hears the word 'unconditional.' The drake messenger leaves. The goblin is a messenger of Kojac, who had escaped the fall of Gartok. Lord Gashinar had fallen, five days earlier, and the dragons had decimated the capital. Kojac and Kraag, severely injured, have retreated  to the underground home of the trolls. Jahin sends a message to Kojac and King Tuug to switch to the defensive for a while and allow the Drakes to meet the Chaos Legions, as per Shifti's guidance. Jahin also sends Gryphon riders to Lord Morfin and Lord Warren for aid. A week later, the messengers return, one brought good news and the other bad. The drakes had attacked the Aragwaithi and they would not be able to come to aid New Genesis. The elves were mobilizing but, it would take them a month to reach New Genesis, as it is Winter.\
\
As the attack of the drakes was inevitable, Jahin commissions the construction of better defenses, catapults and long-ranged ballistae. Ashhab and Ariana begin to study the Book of Ancients for any spells useful against the drakes. A month later, as winter is at its worse, the much anticipated drake army arrive led by the dragon generals. Things take a turn for the worse as, the Chaos empire also arrives, this time under the command of Lady Nadia. The Stormkind witch is furious with the humans, dwarves and elves, and unleashes her entire horde of demons (Storm-tides, Slashing Gales, and the works). The situation is turned hopeless as Mahir and his elemental arrives, but he chose his starting position wrongly, leaving him to fight the Chaos Legions. The elves arrive on the dawn of the third day, and start fighting the drakes and elementals simultaneously. Ashhab has used the book's spells and created healing runes the fortifications to protect Jahin's soldiers. He also uses some magic dust, he made to enchant the waters around New Genesis to damage the drakes. Ariana, after much concentration, finally manages to summon elementals. As the battle continues, the drakes, having failed to penetrate the defenses of New Genesis, leave. This gives Jahin an opportunity to end things with Mahir once and for all. Jahin faces Mahir in single combat and manages to stab the mage, declaring that the Mahir he once knew as his best friend had perished long ago. Mahir, injured, leaves in a puff of smoke. The Chaos legions are still attacking, but are forced to retreat, when their numbers drop to a comparatively lower value. But, lady Nadia, vows to return with tenfold more soldiers.\
\
A week after the devastating battle later chronicled as Battle of the Red Snow, Jahin receives a messenger from an eagle rider. The Aragwaithi had returned North and found that their home was abandoned by the invaders that had, initially, conquered it. They were now rebuilding what had been loss. They had invited Jahin to visit when New Genesis was at peace.\
\
(Early Spring)\
\
When the first signs of spring are seen, Mahir arrives with Mor-Inal with a huge elemental and undead army. Mor-Inal leaves the battlefield, saying he has other matters to attend to. Mahir swears that this time New Genesis will fall, and uses a type of magic that summons a powerful tornado that wipes out the cities secondary frontier defenses. Mahir also uses spells to summon a variety of other creatures, including the dark woses. But, the battle is ultimately won by the allies. Jahin is able to fight his way towards Mahir and is able to best him. This time however, Mahir does not teleport away. But, this time Mor-Inal appears and takes Mahir away. Before leaving, he enchants a curse upon New Genesis, yet again, and says, 
\b Jahin, what will you do this time? You don't have the white sapphire anymore.
\b0  The mage and his apprentice leave and the enemy army disappears.\
\
This time, the curse covers New Genesis in eternal night. A night so dark that the moon is never seen at all. Jahin calls an war council yet again. This time, Fairuz, suggests that they infiltrate into the lands of Chaos and puts an end to Shirzo once and for all. Jahin agrees but, the council leads to a quarrel afterwards. Jahin is willingly to go, but Fairuz refuses to let come along, as New Genesis needs a leader if the drakes, elementals or legions attack. Jahin is eventually convinced at letting his friends under take the mission and helps them prepare for the perils ahead...\
\
It is eventually decided that Jahin, Balto and Jalin would stay at New Genesis, while Fairuz and the rest would go southwest towards the harbor port - where the Chaos Legions were assembling their army.\
\
Bonus Level Here:- Faria awakens in a dark cell. She blows away the doors and must find a way out.\
\
A week after Fairuz, Ashhab, Ariana, Shifty, and Affan leave, New Genesis is attacked by another Drake army - led by the nefarious Red Dragon himself. Jahin orders the defense, but suddenly Faria arrives, kisses Jahin on the cheek, raises a wall of Impassable mountains around New Genesis and disappears without a trace. Jahin and Jalin are left confused, but they start organizing the defenses anyway, taking advantage of the situation. As the drakes are attacking, The Chaos legions arrive and prepare to attack New Genesis. Mahir arrives a turn later, but Jahin manages to use him to his advantage. He refers Mahir as an ally, which causes the Chaos Legions to attack Mahir instead. After three days, the enemies retreat. Jahin orders defense ports at the openings of the mountain walls.}