{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 The Legend Begins\
\
Story Draft
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Episode 4: (Mid 3 YW)
\b0 \
\
A month passes by, and the much-anticipated drake army arrives, led by the Red Dragon himself. The dragon asks for Jahin's surrender one last time, but is only met with mockery. The battle starts soon afterwards. After four days (6 turns schedule) of constant fighting, Jahin remembers a saying his grandfather had taught him when he was just a boy of six - 
\i T
\b o ensure victory, any sacrifice is worth the price
\b0 . 
\i0 (Modified from Transformers quote - 
\b No sacrifice, no victory
\b0 )
\b  
\b0 He has his sword enchanted with ice magic and has his men switch to the offensive. The elves, trolls and orcs help him make his way towards the dragon. Jahin faces the dragon and manages to wound him. Red Dragon flees, vowing to return. The remaining drakes, rendered leaderless, are about to retreat but the other dragons urge them to fight on. The battle lasts for another four days, and the dragons are slain. With the drakes retreating, Jahin says that they have lost a valuable ally. Now, free, from the assault of enemies. The allies start organizing the campaign against the Imperials.\
\
The Imperials has not taken back the port, so it was easy for the allies to bring their armies into the enemy's lands. They march towards the capital and decimate the enemy. The other 2 cities fall after that and when the last the of the Magus council is slain, the humans of the Empire, who were under a powerful enchantment recover. The remaining demons are forced into the inferno and the portal is destroyed. The recovered humans request to start their own kingdom, and Jahin, much to everyone's surprise allows them but tells them to leave the isle. When asked about this, he simply replies - 
\b Their minds weren't in their bodies when they relentlessly attacked us. And, besides we can't send them back to their own time as we have no idea of how.
\b0 \
\
The war had ended and after a month, New Genesis is visited by an old friend. Jahin, remains shocked to find Faria, whom he had seen turn to ashes before his very eyes. Faria, replies that she had used a teleportation spell to get away at the last moment. Ariana remains suspicious, but Jahin is overjoyed to receive her and throws a party in her honor. Later that night, Jalin, Jahin and Ashhab are drinking heavily, while Faria visits them. She apologizes and then casts a spell that turns Jahin and the rest to Death Knight, Draug, and Lich respectively. Faria shouts for help and the trio manage to escape by running into the moat. Resting at a forest, they try to figure out what had happened. Ariana arrives and tells that Faria had placed them under a curse, and the only way to cure themselves was to kill her. Jahin is unwilling, but is convinced in the end. They sneak into New Genesis's keep, and battle Faria and her elementals. As the killing blow is being ready to be struck, Mor-Inal appears and cures Jahin and the rest and takes Faria away. Jahin is confused but decides to sleep away the remainder of the night.\
\
Victorious in bringing peace to the Isle, they all return to their respective lands. The allies send emissaries to New Genesis, as it is now the home of the Alliance of Light's order of leaders. The dwarves insist on staying in New Genesis and begin to start mining the mountains near the city. The southern elves return to their home, the desert and begin rebuilding what is lost. Krog returns to his new home, but visits Jahin often. Ariana decides to stay at New Genesis - and starts to get emotionally attached with Jahin. Jahin, on the other hand remains skeptical about love, as it had always brought misery to him. (Death of his mother, brothers, friends and betrayal that almost got him killed) Ashhab becomes the librarian and begins to train mages for New Genesis. Jalin takes Fairuz's post as the second-in-command.\
\
An embassy of the Alliance of Light is established in New Genesis and peace is maintained throughout the land (well, just the central and southern parts). After ruling New Genesis for ten years, Jahin feels that it's time to visit his friend, Warren. So, he (with Ariana) sets out and the legend begins. New Genesis is ruled by Jalin until Jahin returns.}