{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green13\blue10;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22260\viewh13940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Pre-Wesnoth Timeline (non-canon)\
(History)
\b0 \
\

\b Historical events corrected with the Wesnoth timeline
\b0 \
\

\b BW: Before Wesnoth\
YW: Years Wesnoth
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 Distant Past: According to Aragwaithi legend, the dragons become the dominant species on Irdya, threatening the balance of nature. The High Dragons of Water, Fire and of the Sky - Nitiballi, Agniballi and Svarballi - are created to restore it. Svarballi, however, is touched by Uria; Agniballi and Nitiballi defeat him and seal up his soul, Nitiballi sacrificing himself to heal the world's wounds.\
\
~3800 BW: The Aragwaithi, most ancient of all known human peoples, save the elves and dwarves, found Garet-Desh, mother of cities, cradle of civilization, great capital of the Aragwaithi. First King, Maethar the Great, begins reign.\
\
3500 BW: Ancient Dragon first appears, Shek'har first appears.\
\
3450 BW: Nilfhelm first appears\
\
3200 BW: First Kalian - great council of the peoples of the great continent- named after the council of the elves - convened.\
\
3090 BW: Second age of the Aragwaithi Kingdom upon the great continent, King Abhai I founds Abhan dynasty.\
\
2835-2834 BW: The dragon Krathon rebels against the High Dragon of Fire, Agniballi and attacks the Aragwaith Meadows from the south while the Aragwaithi are fighting a civil war. Against his father's orders, Prince Abhai of Garet-Desh and his best friend, Aryon, go to the Windsong Foundation of Hiera'Shirsha to seek their help. Fractured Aragwaithi mount little effective resistance against Krathon; howver the other races of the continent unite to face the threat. United armies of Dwarves, Aragwaithi, Elves and Windsong meet Krathon outside Garet-Desh. King dies, but Abhai takes possession of rod. Abhai leads Garet-Desh's army to Unyathan, where he faces Krathon himself. Aryon killed, buts Abhai vanquishes Krathon. In the same year, he is crowned King of Garet-Desh.\
\
2828 BW: Abhai takes advantage of his kingdom's might to proclaim himself the High King of the Aragwaithi, thus decisively ending the civil war.\
\
2826 BW: Myra, later known as Myra of Hiera'Shirsha, is born at the village of Kiera, in the southern Meadows.\
\
2820 BW: Maat is chosen as the new Head of the Windsong Order, the youngest and - arguably - most powerful of all.\
\
2804 BW: Shek'har, viceroy of the Dragons' Land, still bitter over Krathon's unavenged death, awakens Svarballi. Svarballi kills Agniballi and starts preparing a massive attack on the western areas of the Great Continent. Dragon army sweeps across Great Continent. Princess Alenya of Lintanir is sent to the Aragwaithi Meadows, where she'd arrive in the following year.\
\
2803 BW: The drake armies commanded by Khrakrahs besiege Hiera'Shirsha while Maat is not there; the saurian Assix steals the Book of the Dead from there and begins raising the first large undead army in recorded history, save perhaps for those of Lich lords Cahal and Jevyan and that of Mal-Ravanal; Hiera'Shirsha falls, and Myra leads the remaining Windsong to Garet-Desh.\
Myra attempts to find a way in which to defeat Svarballi, accompanied by a soldier, Jevyan.\
A massive attack led by Shek'har himself forces the elves, the trolls and the dwarves to evacuate the Windy Mountains. The final battle happens at Garet-Desh; the allies resist until Svarballi himself appears. Maat traps Svarballi inside a gem, which Myra finds. Varthan, the new owner of the Rod of Justice, leads the Aragwaithi, the trolls, the elves and a few Windsong to the north, whilst Myra leads the Windsong, the dwarves and a few Aragwaithi to the east.
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 2802 BW: The refugees led by Myra enter the Hannuk Steppes, where she meets her father, Tarkyn. The vanguard of Shek'har's armies attack Tarkyn's lands, led by an undead Assix, who is vanquished by Myra. At the city of Ughure, Myra and her people are found by Shek'har and betrayed by the other Hannuks. Svarballi's power destroys Shek'har and most of his army. Later, Jevyan calls the gem 'Sky Soul' for the first time. After the Battle of a Thousand Tears, during which a drake army led by Khrakrahs is defeated, the refugees leave the Great Continent and sail eastwards, towards a continent known by the Windsong as the Sun's Cradle.\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
2799 BW: \cf2 The refugees reach the Sun's Cradle. The refugees take the Land's End, granted to them by the Seraphin lords,from vampires and minotaurs. \cf0 The legendary city of Maat'Kare is founded.\
\
2798 BW: \cf2  Rain of Storms. Civil War erupts across the Sun's Cradle, violent and bloody. Vast maelstrom of magic sinks the entire continent beneath the waves; the skies are black and the oceans run red. Jevyan retains the sky soul.\cf0  Jevyan (the character in A Song of Fire) seeks out a famous dwarven jewel-smith and has him separate the Sky Soul into two separate Gems - one a red ruby (Ruby of Fire) and the other a dark Opal (Svarballi's soul stone). Jevyan takes them back to the ruins of Maat'Kare and leaves them there.\
\
2797-2796 BW: The aragwaithi reach the northern shores and set sail to the northern horizons. They arrive at the Northern Continent known as (insert_name) here. They start building settlements which would eventually become great cities.\
\
2785 BW: Maat'Karians explorers discover a new land-mass southwards from the Sun's Cradle (the name of the Continent where Maat'Kare is situated), separated by a strait. Maat'Karian colonists start building settlements there. They name it Argea (the actual name of the Old Continent).\
\
2775 BW: Settlements are gradually made into cities. The cities emancipate from Maat'Kare, declaring themselves a separate country.\
\
2700 BW: Empire of Anaktoron is found.\
\
2695 BW: A dark wizard finds the ruins of Maat'Kare. He finds the Ruby of Fire and binds it into a dragon, who will later be known as Arkinas. The wizard fails to control the dragon and is killed by his creation. The dragon flies southwards towards the empire of Anaktoron.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
2600BW: Civil war erupts in Anaktoron, leaving hundreds of thousands dead. First dark age. Anaktoron eventually re-united at some point.\
\
~2000 BW: Galderien dynasty begins in Anaktoron; Anaktoron absorbs lesser kingdom of Helletia. Capital moved to Gyaldon.\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0  \
1185 BW: In the distant Argea, war breaks out between the land of Anaktoron and Lich Lord Cahal. At first, the forces of the empire are victorious and Lord Jevyan is crowned emperor. On his first day as emperor, he succumbs to old age and accepts Lich Lord Cahal's offer of becoming a Lich Lord. Antheia, granddaughter of Ariphon - advisor to the emperor, takes most of the remaining population and sets sail away from Anaktoron, leaving it to be devastated by the Lich Lords. 
\b [Library of Kratemaqht]
\b0 \
\
1184 BW: Human refugees from the empire of Anaktoron, arrive at the western shores of Arkenova. Seeing the land fit for colonization, they start to build a new empire.\
\
1144 BW: The Empire of New Anaktoron is found.\
\
1145 BW: Kaliban, seeing a new human kingdom expand sends his most loyal general - a vampire lord -  to deal with them.\
\
1146 BW: Markus and a troop of mages arrive at the western shores of the Arkenova. They help repel the attack of Kaliban and are given the ranks of advisors to the Emperor.\
\
1136 BW: One of Markus' friends is exposed as a vampire, and this causes the empire to turn against them. Markus and his friends flee east, accompanied by many mages. They arrive at a secluded island in the central-northern part and Markus uses his mighty elemental powers to establish the Great Academy.\
\
1080 BW: Succumbed by old age, Markus transforms himself into an undead lich.\
\
650 BW: After centuries of peace, the empire of New Anaktoron faces internal corruption.\
\
648 BW: War breaks out and divides the humans under two factions - Empire of Amonight, and Kingdom of Estersage.\
\
645 BW: The Kingdom of Estersage loses the war.\
\
600-599 BW: The Elves of Twilight Forest start a war against the Human Empire of Amonight. The Humans retaliate and ends up destroying the entirety of the The Twilight Forest. The Elves flee to the North and South. The Orcs start a war against the Imperialists. The Imperialists, vastly outnumbered, have their mages construct a thick wall from the earth forming the Invincible Wall. 
\b [The Invincible Wall]\
\

\b0 590 BW: Orcs wage a war, against the mighty dragon Kor Vas. Saurians, trolls and goblins are drawn into the conflict.\
\
(Never mess with the drakes, once they switch to the offensive, there is no stoping them.)\
585 BW: Orcs declare their defeat against the Drakes.\
\
560-559 BW: A human lord, Tegwyn, gathering his loyal followers, leaves the Empire of Amonight via an underground tunnel and journeys into the former capital of the elves. Acquiring the aid of the Elemental Wizards, he constructs Genesis - the largest human city ever known. 
\b [Rise of Genesis]
\b0 \
\
545 BW: Genesis begins to expand. Due to the peacefulness, as the orcs are busy with their own wars, many soldiers settle in small villages surrounding Genesis, and start to focus more on horseback combat, giving birth to the Horse Clans\
\
(Made Tegwyn old at the start of 'Rise of Genesis')\
543 BW: Lord Tegwyn passes away, succumbed by old age. His son, Gwydoc becomes his successor.\
\
540 BW: Dantori, son of Gwydoc, is born.\
\
530-529 BW: A new War Chief among the orcs has risen and he lauches a full-scale assault on Genesis. Lord Gwydoc falls, and Genesis is captured. Dantori flees and vows to avenge his father. Dantori saves a troll tribe from orcs and earns their trust. Dantori manages to convince the horse clans to help recapture Genesis. They attack Genesis next and are successful in recapturing it. The orcs War Chief dies leaving the orcs in another civil war. Genesis is repaired, trolls and humans live together in harmony. Humans live inside the city, and the trolls reside in the underground catacombs beneath the city. Due to persistent orcish attacks on The Academy, the horse clans go to north, leaving Dantori's small army to defend the city.\
\
528 BW: The vampires launch a campaign in dominating the entire island. They begin first by attacking Genesis. Dantori falls after a long siege and the population is enslaved alongside trolls. 
\b [Fall of Genesis]\
\

\b0 527-526 BW: The Vampires manage to enslave the Horse Clans.\
\
520 BW : War spreads throughout the northern races - orcs, trolls, goblins, saurians and drakes.\
\
260 BW: Kratemaqht - guardian of the Library at the ancient capital of Anaktoron is visited by a mage, who had heard about the Library from a story, and the great dragon allows the mage and his students to live and study there.\
\
220 BW: Lich Lord Cahal visits the library in search of a book, but the great dragon denies him any access. Enraged, the lich summons his minions, which Kratemaqht easily overcomes. Defeated, the lich lord vows to return and kill him.\
\
210 BW Kratemaqht forges an alliance of various races in the Old Continent and declares war on the Lich Lords.\
\
201 BW: After a long war, Lich Lord Cahal is destroyed, and Jevyan takes the remainder of his followers and set sails.\
\
(Chronicler's Note: I have changed the layout of the map, so this just reduced to one year or three months.)\
201 BW: A faction of the Jevyan's followers, led by Prince Caldor arrive on the southwestern shores of the Arkenova. He leads his people to mercilessly conquer the broken Kingdom of Estersage and finds a new kingdom called New Wesland.\
\
195 BW: King Caldor starts a campaign against the cave cultists who had abducted his sister Eliza. He is successful at infiltrating the heart of the enemy lands, but fails to vanquish the Lich Shirzo. He brings down the capital, but is later killed by the incoming enemy army. 
\b [The Wesfolk Prince]
\b0 \
 \
150-149 BW: The Chaos empire heals itself and has similar intentions as of the vampires. The Invincible Wall is collapsed and the Dark Legion begins it's dominating attacks. New Wesland, Orcs, saurians, dwarves, trolls, the elementalists, elves and the drakes find themselves under pressure from three powerful enemies, but persist fighting one another. Southern nations - elves, dwarves, mer-folk and carapaces - become allied under one banner.\
\
139-120 BW: War continues and gets worse as Demons arrive from the 
\i Inferno
\i0  - the demons home plain.\
\
100 BW: Markus is impressed with the abilities of a mage, Morin and takes him under his wing.\
40 BW: A fully-trained Morin betrays his master Markus, and runs away with a scroll about the Immortality Potion.\
\
38 BW: The Grand Academy's High Mistress finds a wood elf infant in her garden. She finds herself bonded with the child, and raises Gioviel, the elf infant, as her own.\
28 BW: The ten-year-old Gioviel shows magical abilities and is trained in the elemental arts.\
24 BW: Gioviel accidentally drinks an evil potion and is banished from the academy. She searches for a new home, and finds the 
\i Last Forest
\i0  - An underground forest, created and inhabited by a faction of the Twilight Elves. She battles the undead and earns her place alongside them. 
\b [An Elven Elementalist]
\b0 \
\
20 BW: Krug, a troll slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis is born.\
\
19 BW: Jahin, a human slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis, is born.\
\
17 BW: Vampires conquer the Elf Fortress situated between Genesis and the Wall.\
\
16 BW: Barus, a power-hungry orc warlord,  ascends to be the High Chief.\
\
15 BW: The Chaos Imperialists conquer the Elf Fortress.\
\
(Space reserved for Kanzil's 
\i Epic of Jalin
\i0 )\
\
1 BW: In the Lands of the Icy North, the Steppe Clans declare war against the Aragwaithi. The Aragwaithi lose and are forced to flee southwards. Having sailed for over a month, they arrive at the Arkenova.\
\
01-05 YW:  Jahin inspires the slaves of Genesis to revolt and frees Genesis. Accompanied by his friends he leaves the city in search of allies. Gathering enough allies, Jahin is able to defeat the Chaos Empire, the Dark Legion and the Vampires. 
\b [The Legend Begins]
\b0 \
\
(Space reserved for my next campaign: 
\i Hero of Irdya
\i0 )\
\

\b After the Fall:\
\

\b0 (Space reserved for the final campaign of the Jahin trilogy- 
\i End of Chaos
\i0 )}