{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18400\viewh12000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 The Legend Begins\
\
Changelog v0.1.1\

\b0 \
\ul Episode One:-\
\
\ulnone Fixed textdomain error\
Added RANGED_DAMAGE_MACRO_24 used in scenario 24.\
Fixed teleportation issues in scenario 15a by applying the macros from 
\i Isthmus Abez
\i0  (by Darks and franz) scenario.\
Krog gets a new portrait when he advances.\
WOL change counteracted by using ENABLE_LIVING_VOLCANO.\
Fixed a typo in scenario 18 
\i Assault on Azorgath.\

\i0 Fixed typos in various scenarios.\
Increased turn limit of 
\i Passing of Barus 
\i0 by 30 turns in all difficulties.\
Completed scenario 26x.\
Removed mention of the word 'Klesva' as it was not under copyright terms.\
TIW, TROG and TWP will be corrected at this.\
Gave Krog clearer objectives in 
\i Brother Against Brother\
\

\i0 \ul Episode Two:-\
\ulnone 27. Dying Forest added.\
28. Fire and Lightning added.\
29. Find the Library added.\
30. Nature's Wrath added.\
30x. Goodbye Gioviel added.\
31. Escape added.\
31x. Mixed Feelings added.\
32. Civil War added.\
33. War in the North added.\
34. Autumn Woods added.\
35. Terror at Sil added.\
36. Haunts of the Night added.\
Parts 2 out of a planned 5 done.
\i \
\

\i0 \ul Overall:
\i \ulnone \
Added names for the episodes.\
Removed World Maps\
Added the finalized world map (Episode 1 only).\

\i0 \

\b Changelog v0.1.0\

\b0 \
Initial Release, episode 1 with 28 playable scenarios.}