{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22080\viewh16360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 THE GREAT ISLE\
(History)\
\
BW: Before Wesnoth\
YW: Years Wesnoth\
\
500 BW: The Klesvan Empire has been founded.\
\
300 BW: Humans divide and split into two factions - Klesvans and Outlaws. Outlaws occupy the far southwestern part of the Isle.\
 \
200-201 BW: Elves wage war against Klesvans and Orcs. The Humans launch a retaliation attack. Elves the are defeated and their forest is destroyed. Most of the elves flee into Aleazaria and the northeastern caves where they are presumed dead. The Orcs later wage war against the humans, resulting in the humans isolating themselves from the other races by constructing the Wall. [1]\
\
150-140 BW: The Wesfolk arrived on the '
\i Unlawful Valley' - 
\i0 a former human kingdom - and start to claim it as their own. They're victorious and their kingdom, 
\i New Wesland
\i0 , is founded and King Caldor as their first king. Caldor arranges a campaign into the Southern Mountains to eliminate the Chaos Cultist and also to rescue his abducted sister. He is unsuccessful in defeating the High Priest but does considerable damage to their empire. [2]\
\
120 BW: Orcs wage a civil war. Saurians, drakes, and elves also get involved.\
\
100-99 BW: The King of Klesva forbids the practice of magic. The mages and the Eastern Lord, Tegwyn, is forced to leave Klesva and set out in finding a city in the heart of the former Twilight Forest. They make contact with the Grand Academy and  Genesis, the largest human city known is founded. [3]\
\
90 BW: Genesis begins to expand. The Horse Clans are born.\
\
80 BW: Lord Tegwyn dies. Lord Gwydoc becomes lord of Genesis.\
\
78 BW: Cleon Knightmare, son of Gwydoc, is born.\
\
53-52 BW: A new War Chief among the orcs has risen and he lauches a full-scale assault on Genesis. Lord Gwydoc falls, Genesis is captured. Cleon flees and vows to avenge his father. Cleon saves a troll tribe from orcs and earns their trust. Cleon manages to convince the horse clans to help recapture Genesis. The Clan Lords give him 3 tests which he completes. They attack Genesis next and are successful in recapturing it. The orcs War Chief is dead leaving the orcs in another civil war. Genesis is repaired, trolls and humans live together in harmony. Due to attacks of orcs on The Academy, the horse clans go to the location, leaving Cleon and Krug to defend the city.\
\
51 BW: The vampires launch a campaign in dominating the entire island. They begin first by attacking Genesis. Cleon Knightmare falls after a 6-month long siege and the Knightmare dynasty ends. The rest of the population is enslaved alongside trolls. [4]\
\
49-47 BW: The Vampires manage to enslave the Horse Clans.\
\
46 BW : War spreads throughout the northern races - orcs, trolls, goblins, saurians and drakes.\
\
45-40 BW: The Chaos empire heals itself and has similar intentions as of the vampires. The Wall starts to collapse and the Dark Legion reveals itself. New Wesland, Orcs, saurians, dwarves, trolls, the elementalists, elves and the drakes find themselves under pressure from three powerful enemies, but persist fighting one another. Southern Elves and Dwarves become allies due to mutual enemies. \
\
39-01 BW: War continues and gets worse as Demons arrive from the 
\i Inferno
\i0  - the demons home plain.\
\
38 BW: The Grand Academy's High Mistress finds a wood elf infant in her garden. She finds herself bonded with the child, and raises Gioviel, the elf infant, as her own. [5]\
\
28 BW: The ten-year-old Gioviel shows magical abilities and is trained in the elemental arts.\
\
24 BW: Gioviel accidentally drinks an evil potion and is banished from the academy. She searches for a new home, and finds the 
\i Last Forest
\i0  - An underground forest, created and inhabited by a faction of the Twilight Elves. She battles the undead and earns her place alongside them.\
\
19 BW: Krug, a troll slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis is born.\
\
18 BW: Jahin, a human slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis, is born.\
\
17 BW: Vampires conquer the Elf Fortress situated between Genesis and the Wall.\
\
15 BW: The Chaos empire conquers the Elf Fortress from the vampires.\
\
01-10 YW:  Jahin inspires the slaves of Genesis to revolt and frees Genesis. He then sets out on adventures with his friends, unites the free races of the isle and cures the isle of its war. He later forms 
\b The Alliance of Light
\b0  and then sets out to explore the world of Irdya. [6]\
\
List of campaigns:\
[1]. The Invincible Wall\
[2]. The Wesfolk Prince\
[3]. The Rise of Genesis\
[4]. Fall of Knightmare\
[5]. An Elvish Outcast\
[6]. The Legend Begins}